---
layout: post
title:  "MakerSquare, 2 days in"
date:   2016-07-19 00:00:00 -0500
categories: javascript MKS
---

It's been 2 days and hasn't really sinked in yet. The most exciting thing is to meet all the people. This is probably the most diverse group I've ever been to. From 20-year-olds to 50(I guess?)-year-olds, high school grads to PHD, super extroverts to somewhat introverts, liberal artists, psychology students, veterans, front end designers, hardware engineer(me!), black, white and Asian, male and female. Everyone is super nice and kind, which is a big relief, because I was worried that there would be some big ego brogrammers.

I quitted my old job 4 weeks before the start of the camp, to do pre-course work and just relax, so I'd say I'm fairly prepared. However, I still found lots to learn at the first 2 days, which focused on reviewing the pre-course materials.

One big thing is **passing functions**. It's very easy to mix up when functions are evaluated and when it's passed, especially if the function returns a function. My take is, **at the end it all comes down to the parenthesis**.

**Variable scoping** is not difficult to understand, but very easy to miss. It is much easier with the javascript diagram notation(JSDN).

There's a new concept **asynchronous programming**. We haven't dive into it. So far it's about the functions in setTimeout only executes after the whole code block finishes running. I haven't dealt with timing since my computer structure class, and am very excited! (Although I don't think they are anywhere close).

So that's my first 2 days in MakerSquare. It's been great and I'm even more excited than before the cohort started!
